1.1
Developing option trading strategies, numerous specificities, distinguish option-based strategies from other trading systems.

1.1.1
nonlinear payoff functions, evaluating  investment potential, generating trading signals, linear assets trading,
specially designed indicators, assessing price trends, dynamics of trading volume, overbought/oversold patterns, based
on fundamental characteristics, quality of trading signals, effectiveness of indicators, forecast the future price movements

Option strategies, explicitly require forecasts of price movement direction, trading signals,  application of special
criteria,
 potential profitability and risk, identify undervalued and overvalued investment assets.

Fair value, extent of uncertainty, future fluctuations, underlying asset price, option price,  probability distribution
of underlying asset price outcomes, market estimate, degree of uncertainty,  magnitude of uncertainty estimated by the
investor is different, interrelationship between these two uncertainties, principle underlying criteria creation,
expressed either directly or indirectly,  main component, algorithm of criteria calculation

fairness of t,he option market price, express values of both uncertainties numerically, same dimension, compare with
each
 other, criterion effectiveness, express the relationship between the divergence of two uncertainties, magnitude of
 option over- or underpricing, algorithms for calculation of many options-specific criteria, main principles of criteria
  creation,  optimization of their parameters, diff,erent approaches, evaluation of criteria effectiveness

1.1.2
limited life span, certain limitations, duration of the position holding period, rollover procedures, slippage and transaction costs
,
position opening, closing the same position, no close signals, strategy holds positions until expiration, options expire
 out-of-the-money, in-the-money at expiration, signals for opening option positions, close signals, underlying assets, same direction

Generation of an open signal, divergence of analytically estimated fair value, persist at the market for an infinitely
long time,  judge the accuracy of his valuation algorithms, fixed expiration date, period of estimates verification

1.1.3
each underlying asset, multitude of options, different strike prices, expiration date, over- or undervalued

number of different option contracts

limits his system, combinations whose payoff functions,  trading strategy, filtered by liquidity, spread, pending
corporate events, fundamental characteristics, and many other parameters, initial set of suitable combinations

1.2
Market-neutral positions, direction of price fluctuations, small change in the price, large price movement, direction of
 price movement, index delta, cumulative delta, delta-neutral

1.2.1
simplest form of a market-neutral strategy, basic form, specific properties,  main structural elements, comparison, option trading strategies.

Position opening signals, single indicator, expected profit, basis of lognormal distribution, threshold value, range of
allowable values, exact threshold value, optimization, calculated daily, opened for all combinations

held until expiration, After the expiration, expired in-the-money, closed

algorithm, expected value of the underlying asset price, variance, expected price, equal, current underlying asset
price, criterion calculation date, accurate estimate of the future price, expert forecasts, square of historical
volatility, additional subparameter, length of the historical period, historical horizon, set empirically, optimization

initial set of investment assets, allowable, available, all options on stocks in the S&P 500 index, unit of the
investment object, combination of options, long and short strangles and straddles

liquidity and slippage risks, strike prices, beyond 50%, underlying asset price, maximum allowable value, time left to
options expiration, restrictions, ranges of permissible values,  prior experience,  exact values, optimization,
empirical approach methods

money management, distributing funds, risk-free money market assets, investment portfolio, after new open signals, part
of unused capital, new positions, basic form, distributed equally, all trading days, operating cycle, strategy,
expiration dates, Within each trading,  funds available, invested

Distribution of capital, different option combinations, principle of stock equivalency, position volume, should the
options be exercised, funds required, fulfill the obligation, approximately equal for each combination

risk management, delta-neutrality, index delta, different parameters, equal or close to zero, Value at Risk (VaR),
asymmetry coefficient, loss probability

1.2.2
strategies, large number of parameters, values, set and fixed, huge,  different variants, power law, combinations, not
attainable

three parameters, threshold value, range of strike prices, Option series, time left, expiration date

parameters, influence, portfolio characteristics, relative frequency, long and short positions, diversification,  risk
indicators, relationships, portfolio delta, portfolio index delta, deviates from zero

combination, parameter values, delta-neutrality, fulfilled, point of delta-neutrality, whole set, boundary of
delta-neutrality

CONTINUE

1.4.2
select, whole set, attainable delta-neutral portfolios, variant, characteristics, requirements, trading strategy, full
match, within one single portfolio, alternative, set of characteristics, closest, reference standard

two following cases, portfolios, one-week options, two-month options, calm market period, loss probability, construct a
table, each characteristic, fix values, delta-neutrality points, delta-neutrality boundaries

separate tables for each characteristic, summarize, characteristics relating only to delta-neutral portfolios, all
available variants, values of six characteristics, short-term options, long-term options, all obtainable delta-neutral
portfolios, analyze these data, fix the intervals, peculiarities of the strategy, individual preferences, external
restrictions,  each specific case, intervals of the desired values, number of combinations, number of underlying assets,
 percentage of short combinations, Loss probability, Asymmetry coefficient, VaR

portfolios, nearest options, characteristics, atisfying our requirements, portfolios prove in line, portfolios is
suitable, selection algorithm

variety of algorithms, optimal delta-neutral portfolio, different variant, problem of multicriteria selection, each characteristic

most restrictive algorithm, first stage, portfolios, all characteristics,  a priori established requirements, second
stage, several alternative, ranked by their significance, portfolio with the best value, most significant
characteristic, more than one, characteristic,  ranked second in importance, drawback, objective difficulty, ranging
different characteristics, order of their relative importance, equally significant, Pareto method, multicriteria
analysis, cannot control the number of selected portfolios, drawback, substantial, opening, more positions,  increase
losses, slippage and operational costs


less restrictive algorithm, first stage, all portfolios,  n characteristics,  interval of desired values, total number
of characteristics, second stage, more restrictive algorithm, Alternatively, variants, first stage, portfolio,  best
value,  failed characteristic, dominates over all other variants, portfolio,  optimal one,

more restrictive and less restrictive algorithm, second stage, priori ranking, relative significance, characteristic,
widest range of values, values of “asymmetry coefficient”,  first stage, second selection stage, number of combinations,
 VaR,  main characteristics, final selection, optimal delta-neutral portfolio

algorithm, automated trading strategy, main factor, delta-neutral portfolio, open trading positions

